[Music]
and precisely condition the opinion of
each of the
collaborators who were on set, no,
then that change of jacket in 24
hours at least draws attention, that is to
say if it is becoming progressive over
time because you are realizing a
series of facts and circumstances,
jumps that sent you to change your
opinion, it can still be
understandable, but what cannot be
allowed to the spectator in this more
personal case is the change of jacket in 24
hours, the change of opinion in 24 hours
of 98 percent of the collaborator, the
first and from there one of them who has
been a person who has attacked,
defamed and insulted
Rocío Carrasco,
grabbed Kiko Hernández,
totally Kiko Hernández
who was one of them
or was precisely the reason why we
were going to start the live show and of
course I didn't want to forget about him, but
let's take a look at how the
year has been, how we started Christmas and
some of the new
strategies that
both networks are going to follow, no, then from
there I would also like to please
know a  a little bit your opinion on
that change of jacket by Kiko Hernandez
those attacks and basically knowing
your opinion
attacks I mean attacks also on
us as YouTube well the change of
jacket both Kiko Hernandez and
anyone else not only from Aviles that you
can change your opinion in 24 hours one hundred
percent to the opposite is that
in 24 hours and four months you have an
opinion
as firm as Kiko Hernandez or
Maria Patino had in which they don't believe
anything about Rocío Carrasco and as a mother and as a
partner we have to remember that for
people in happy that this the battle against
the media war this time begins
with hats and everything giving an exclusive on
Hola in which it paints you as an unfaithful
cane in all the
media until a moment comes
that you who was an innocent kid who
had no contacts little steps nobody lowers the
tone you defend yourself and you only tell the
part of your story as you lived it
then she looks bad and she what
for me is what suits her the most
areas she looks bad then Maria  Patiño and
a lot of journalists, Kiko Hernandez,
for example, has a lot of contact with
all of this realist stuff, they know the
real story, and there are a lot of things that you don't know that do
n't reach the public unless it's in
public, so in the future, if you
have an opinion about me, who
started out as a mother, as a girlfriend, as seen, as
the sea, as a sister-in-law, as a plaintiff,
you can change your opinion based on the documentary
in one aspect, in
all aspects, but 100%,
and the thing that María Patiño was saying until
February,
it seems she can believe in the documentary,
some things are okay, or she has become more of a
chauffeur, some things, but 100%,
suddenly an angel and a demon, that can't
change you. She gets a documentary, much
less document that has
contradictions, and apart from that, I'm
telling you that it's not just
opinions but attitudes, I mean,
suddenly you become the champion of the
defender of women when you
treat each and every one of them in a degrading way,
the program, therefore, is
that
the staunch defense that you're
trying to make of a cause and it falls
to the ground as soon as you open your mouth with
every guest that steps on the program  and
then and then apart from android there was
also the spite and the hatred that
catches her dare because it's incredible
kiko hernandez is with you right now
that he doesn't trina he is waiting for a
movement and it's amazing when
about a year ago he was in your favor it's
me I'm hallucinating now he says well I believe this
part okay but on top of that it seems that he
hates you to this day or if not have you
put yourself before in the one where he called
youtubers clowns how sad how
sad
people people on social networks
in general but
the hate messages instead of
enjoying your fans you are not leaving
messages on social networks to the
unmentionable in which but that javi
a few weeks ago on that set there was a
colleague of his saying that his partner was
dedicated to social networks and that he earned
much more money than he sold on sálvame we should
n't respect his
colleagues also because he has colleagues who
work in social networks be and they will be
with photos and that they earned a lot of money one
day the other says that it's good to have
my profession your profession does not have
'any you are
very well constant of hands because here we
have another important big brother  in
fact down here but how good that is what it is
like that has been a contestant 'Big
Brother' campus the real estate and he does not
even have a journalism
degree, no degree that I know of what
happens is that as another Big
Brother called Pepe Herrero said he does
his job very well the profession of the
television factory no the profession of the
television factory is that he is the one
who attacks and
he seems to be trained he does it
perfectly if one week it has to do with
one hand and the next week he has to
lick your mind like that literally
the orders perfectly for those
only but effectively which ones
are to be well that he is a character he
is a character that has been created for
controversy
and
with that that little bit of arrogance of
active of what I say in what there is and
if one day one day I have to get along
with you I will carry it and the next day
if I have to sell you something that you talk
to me about in private I will sell it or rather it is
as if it were a machine prepared to
sell everything it can to
continue warming the chair of save me
we are clear that his  priority the
factory forward
[Music]